01) What is `NPM`?
Ans: NPM is a largest software registry. It is an open source developers from all continents that share and borrow npm packages and manages the packages.


02) What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
Ans: Parcel is a zero configuration web pack bundler which is fast and automatically detects and configures most project settings. While Webpack is a javascript module bundler that is used with react to bundle and manage dependencies. Parcel has first-class support for React Fast Refresh, which gives you quick feedback as you edit your code without needing to reload the page. 


03) What is `.parcel-cache`?
Ans: .parcel-cache is a directory generated by parcel bundlers, serving as a cache for storing build results.


04) What is `npx` ?
Ans: 'npx' (node package execute) is a command-line tool to execute Node.js packages without installing them.


05) What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies`?
Ans: Dependencies is a library that a project needs to function effectively. While Devdependencies are the packages a developer needs during developments.


06) What is Tree Shaking?
Ans: Tree Shaking is term used within javascript context to describe the removal of unused code or dead code.


07) What is Hot Module Replacement?
Ans: Hot module replacement is one of the most useful features offered by Webpack. It allows all kinds of modules, including JSON, CSS, and JS files, to be updated at runtime without needing a full refresh.


08) List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your
own words.
Ans: DevBuild, Local Server, Hot Module Replacement, Error Handling, Bundling, Minification, Compressing, Tree Shaking.

-Hot Module Replacement: Hot module replacement is one of the most useful features offered by Webpack. It allows all kinds of modules, including JSON, CSS, 			 and JS files, to be updated at runtime without needing a full refresh.

-Bundling: Bundling is an important part in the web development process, while dealing with JavaScript frameworks like React. It combines all the various 	   JavaScript files and dependencies into a single file for faster browser loading and execution.

-Tree Shaking: Tree Shaking is term used within javascript context to describe the removal of unused code or dead code.


09) What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
Ans: '.gitignore' is used to stop uploading all the files and folders and bundlers which are version control to exclude from project in git. It is not necessary to upload all files and bundlers everytime. It will add files and folders and bundlers through the package.json and package-lock.json.


10) What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json`?
Ans: 
'package.json' is a metadata file in a Node.js project that describes the project dependencies, scripts, configuration, and other details. It also contains 	information about the project such as its name, version, author, and license and also lists the projects dependencies on other Node.

'package-lock.json' is a lockfile that holds information on the dependencies or packages installed for a node.js project, including their exact version numbers.


11) Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
Ans: Lock files should not be modified unless you are updating the packages required. It tracks all the entire tree of dependencies and exact version of each dependencies in your project.


12) What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?\
Ans: Node_modules is a folder where there are all the dependency of dependencies stored and also all the bundlers which are needed during the project build. No it is not good idea to push on git because it can be later on installed in the project as per package.json and package-lock.json file.


13) What is the `dist` folder?
Ans: Dist folder is used when webpack will compile client-side code in both development and production mode, then it will place the bundled files in the dist folder.


14) What is `browserlists`?
Ans: Browserlists is a bundler in which it list all the other older version browsers control to run. It is a tool that allows which browsers to be supported in your frontend app in a config file.
